Improvements to the unit tutorial (#6462)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/coordinates.rst

.. _coordinates-sunpy:

Coordinates
***********

> This section of the guide talks about representing coordinates in sunpy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section of the guide introduces how coordinates are represented in sunpy.
```

sunpy makes use of the `astropy.coordinates` module for this task.

In much the same way as `~astropy.units` are used for representing physical quantities, sunpy uses `astropy.coordinates` to represent points in physical space.
This applies to both points in 3D space and projected coordinates in images.

The astropy coordinates module is primarily used through the `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` class::

  >>> from astropy.coordinates import SkyCoord

To enable the use of the solar physics specific frames defined in sunpy we also need to import them::

  >>> from sunpy.coordinates import frames

A SkyCoord object to represent a point on the Sun can then be created::

>   >>> c = SkyCoord(70*u.deg, -30*u.deg, obstime="2017-08-01",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  >>> coord = SkyCoord(70*u.deg, -30*u.deg, obstime="2017-08-01",
```
I have never been of a single variable names, I feel like its worth updating.

>   >>> c = SkyCoord(70*u.deg, -30*u.deg, obstime="2017-08-01",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  >>> import astropy.units as u
  >>> c = SkyCoord(70*u.deg, -30*u.deg, obstime="2017-08-01",
```
The units import is missing. I am not sure where the best place to put it.

  ...              frame=frames.HeliographicStonyhurst)
  >>> c
  <SkyCoord (HeliographicStonyhurst: obstime=2017-08-01T00:00:00.000, rsun=695700.0 km): (lon, lat) in deg
      (70., -30.)>

> This `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object can then be transformed to any other coordinate frame defined either in Astropy or sunpy, for example to transform from the original Stonyhurst frame to a Helioprojective frame::

Reviewer: maybe link the docs to the available coordinate frames here?

      (-1285.47497992, 106.20918654, 0.72405937)>

Using Coordinates with Maps
---------------------------

.. plot::
   :include-source:

   sunpy Map uses coordinates to specify locations on the image, and to plot overlays on plots of maps.
   When a Map is created, a coordinate frame is constructed from the header information.
   This can be accessed using ``.coordinate_frame``:

   >>> import sunpy.map
   >>> from sunpy.data.sample import AIA_171_IMAGE   # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   >>> m = sunpy.map.Map(AIA_171_IMAGE)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   >>> m.coordinate_frame  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   <Helioprojective Frame (obstime=2011-06-07T06:33:02.770, rsun=696000.0 km, observer=<HeliographicStonyhurst Coordinate (obstime=2011-06-07T06:33:02.770, rsun=696000.0 km): (lon, lat, radius) in (deg, deg, m)
       (-0.00406308, 0.04787238, 1.51846026e+11)>)>

   This can be used when creating a `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object to set the coordinate system to that image:

   >>> from astropy.coordinates import SkyCoord
   >>> import astropy.units as u

>    >>> c = SkyCoord(100 * u.arcsec, 10*u.arcsec, frame=m.coordinate_frame)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> coord = SkyCoord(100 * u.arcsec, 10*u.arcsec, frame=m.coordinate_frame)  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
```

if `coord` is used above then maybe should be used here too.

>    >>> c  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> coord  # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
```

   <SkyCoord (Helioprojective: obstime=2011-06-07T06:33:02.770, rsun=696000.0 km, observer=<HeliographicStonyhurst Coordinate (obstime=2011-06-07T06:33:02.770, rsun=696000.0 km): (lon, lat, radius) in (deg, deg, m)
       (-0.00406308, 0.04787238, 1.51846026e+11)>): (Tx, Ty) in arcsec
       (100., 10.)>

>    The `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object can be converted to a PixelPair object using `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.world_to_pixel`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object can be converted to a `.PixelPair` object using `~sunpy.map.GenericMap.world_to_pixel`:
```
Links it hopefully

Author: I don't think this will work because `PixelPair` isn't in the API docs: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/search.html?q=pixelpair&check_keywords=yes&area=default

>    >>> pixel_obj = m.world_to_pixel(c) # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> pixel_obj = m.world_to_pixel(coord) # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
```

   >>> pixel_obj # doctest: +REMOTE_DATA
   PixelPair(x=<Quantity 551.7680511 pix>, y=<Quantity 515.18266871 pix>)

   This `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` object could also be used to plot a point on top of the map:

   >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
   >>> ax = plt.subplot(projection=m)  # doctest: +SKIP
   >>> m.plot()  # doctest: +SKIP
   <matplotlib.image.AxesImage object at ...>

>    >>> _ = ax.plot_coord(c, 'o')  # doctest: +SKIP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   >>> _ = ax.plot_coord(coord, 'o')  # doctest: +SKIP
```
